#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.67.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yfinance
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   curl-cffi
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via curl-cffi
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via streamlit
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
curl-cffi==0.13.0
    # via yfinance
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
frozendict==2.4.6
    # via yfinance
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.181.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.75.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via seaborn
multitasking==0.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yfinance
narwhals==2.5.0
    # via altair
numba==0.61.2
    # via pandas-ta
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   numpy-financial
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-ta
    #   pydeck
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   yfinance
numpy-financial==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
openai==1.107.3
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-ta
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   yfinance
pandas-ta==0.4.71b0
    # via -r requirements.in
peewee==3.18.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   yfinance
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via yfinance
plotly==5.24.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
    #   yfinance
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via pytest
pyparsing==3.2.4
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pytest==8.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   streamlit
    #   yfinance
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
streamlit==1.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pandas-ta
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   google-generativeai
    #   grpcio
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   streamlit
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
websockets==15.0.1
    # via yfinance
yfinance==0.2.65
    # via -r requirements.in
